okay okay okay we don't have a lot of
time so where were we we are
here okay so this is sort of what we had
right so what I'm thinking is just to
describe it there's going to
be four parts to this assembly well five
but the other one is connected to the
other part which we need to do
actually
um that should be easy
okay whatever let's let's do this so the
five parts are the first is this base
okay this is
um okay hold on
so
top the motor
mount um okay wait let's just do the
first um I don't even
care I'm getting so messy with it
okay so the first
part we oh we don't know how wide it is
is that the
point okay so I wish I could label this
so this is the motor mount and the motor
mount is literally just a
cup and it just happens to have some
holes okay so let's just make that part
okay so what do we have to do is this is
the wall that we will need so we're
going to take this we're going to
extrude this
by stepper
height plus 2
mm and we need a sketch on
here and it's going to
be this and this and we're going to
extrude these by three five
probably uh probably probably three is
good
enough but
then uh yeah we could we could do this
as fast as
possible so this is M for or stepper
Hole uh
oh wait that's
wrong that's so easy to accidentally do
actually or wa we can just
uh
okay okay so that's that then
uh so the height of this is actually
going to be one greater or maybe two
greater than well we'll probably make
that base five H I don't really want to
make that base five we'll go with four
and then we'll make it two okay so uh so
what's the diameter of this that's the
key
number so diameter of this needs to be a
parameter
so I wish this was faster okay so the um
how do you actually even calculate that
it's just got to be a constant this is
going to be
circumscribe
stepper oh my gosh it's so stepper
circumscribe with clearance and it's
what so this is basically the ID of a
this is basically the inner diameter of
a stepper
cylinder a Pringles can for a stepper
under can we move this to where we're
actually
working okay so we have this one
right no this is going to be
deleted okay this is what we
want so what is that value we need to
copy this number
oops okay so variable
Studio dude it actually takes so long
for that thing to
open so annoying
okay oh yeah we're
here okay so now we're going to
need something this is going to be a new
part so wait should we just do this uh
okay
or wait we want it to be two different
extrudes okay now we have this now we
need the um
right so the side's going to look like
this okay so let's
do the very base I guess we we'll make
the very
base determined as we go but I guess we
should do dude can we open a new tab
this thing is the slowest piece of
crap I mean people who use on shape
really live like this it could have been
so great so this is going to be uh we're
just going to say Hopper base diam this
is the big thing so we're going to make
this like 170 just huge just so that we
have a ton to play around with I guess I
don't know why it keeps shifting me over
so okay so we have
this let's how do we want to do
this I just want to do a new part
studio so this is going to
be um oh yeah see he keeps shifting me
over what is up with
that this program has so many bugs so
this is going to be Hopper base and yeah
so we're going to draw a sketch on
here this is going to
be
God um Hopper
base great now the outer of this we can
sort of work backwards right uh but
first we need to
draw let's
see
um well actually it doesn't why does it
need to have a hole in it
um well cables no we'll put the wait no
where can we put the cables they have to
go
under cuz you don't want them to
interfere with the uh
balls or get like caught up in the
uh in the
things so yeah so that's fine okay so
this oh and then we'll just make it wall
thickness okay so this
circle is going to be equal to the ID of
this part
61 is that the
uh is that the special number or is it
64 67 that's the right that's the
OD wait where is our
variable this thing Hopper base I
stepper circumscribed with
clearance no it's not that that's not
right at all it's going to be
this
number wait
what
okay so yes that is what we want we want
that number so
uh what is what did we call it
Hopper stepper circumscribed clearance
okay and then we just need to make this
circle what is going
oh and this is what did we say wall was
three and what we say that so is this
going to be 67 okay so that's right so
this is going to be extruded by two but
then we want to get this guy and this is
going to
be uh hop
base so we're like this so we want to
extrude this by four we're
saying and then we're going to take this
sketch and we're going to extrude this
by
two okay so then it slots in there then
we're going to draw a sketch on here and
we're going to make a circle that's
um I guess oh yeah okay it's it's like
we'll say that this is another just wall
wait do we want a little bit of
clearance though maybe we want to draw
something like oh wait did we get this
centered no we didn't see
that that was
crazy it's not aggressive enough with
the okay so we have
this
circle and this circle this one we're
going to is just going to be defined as
a clearance and this is just going to be
do we need one all around or do we need
point we'll make this no wait wait we'll
make this
oops undo we'll make this 05 so that
there's okay and then what is going on
with that I feel like it's editing so
many random features that I don't know
what it's guessing about maybe it's too
big brain for me but then this is going
to be
three okay and then this is going to be
extruded um oh wait so wait what is this
yeah so that's actually what we need to
do we need to go
to this sketch and we need to clear this
this needs to be 3.5 then now we're
good and then this sketch we can
actually delete this and we can change
this to be
three and then we can extrude this by 25
seems like a lot
um 25 seems like a
lot if this is going to be up by 50 but
those things are going to be way up here
I don't know maybe we should just send
it no okay let's make it let's make it
15 it really doesn't have to be that
tall okay so then if we were to do a new
assembly we'd put it on
there and then we'd actually do tangent
plane holes
there
um okay what's next is this thing right
so is this
done this part is technically done
except for the holes
too
yeah so this is going to be like this so
we have a height of what are we going to
make these we said that this was
15 okay
then we could add four of them who cares
uh so this needs to be blind remove
10 um enter circular
pattern uh entities to pattern oh God is
I wish I could I wish I could set it to
default to uh cuz I feel like I don't do
part patterns ever access a pattern this
four that sounds
good and then we just need to do that
same thing over
here um yeah 15's good uh plane T
tangent
K shift s n c
d
7.5 M4
hole
K extrude remove
10 circular
pattern
feature
extrude axis of pattern
four okay so there's that now all we
need to do
is um build the top plate so let's make
an assembly file now seems like a good
time so create assembly this is going to
be
called hop hop Ass 2 hop bass 2 we're
going to insert Hopper
three bro sometimes this program is slow
though so we got this then we need to
insert uh hop base
damn it it's a bad
search oh yeah that's actually perfect
almost yeah we just need to raise this
up okay well let's do the mate so let's
move this thing around we're going to
take this we're going to fix it we're
going to rename it how do we rename it
can we in
here no yeah it's so annoying
okay named them all right here's hop ass
so now we want to
join oh yeah okay I get it so we're
going to join wait mate
this wait did we get it oh it didn't oh
yeah we did
to
this why is that wrong oh yeah that is
wrong that's wrong by a
lot so that's two we need to make the
okay so is that the right mate still
that's still the right mate we just need
to make Hopper three this needs to
be is it this it's this so this needs to
be+
two
God they are such sticklers for that oh
wait did it save it
okay there we
go so now we want to insert the
stepper do we need to do that oh wait we
don't want that we don't want that we
want
stepper what oh
yeah
and this
touches
that hey
what awesome and is this move yeah that
moves cool so
now and that's all lined up so this goes
in here it doesn't look like it's
tucking down we don't really have a
thing here we need to add holes to this
so This base oh wait so we now need to
sketch on here well we could do it on
here so this 170 is the biggest so now
we're working inwards and we're going to
make this uh we're going to make this
three cuz it shouldn't
have that much weight on it I I'll make
it four we're going to we're going to
meet meet in the middle the five was so
much so now we're going to take this
we're going to select this
uh select this face we're going to
extrude this and I forget now how much
we're we're trying to extrude this
by did we guess I can't remember if I
guessed what is driving it so what is at
the top of the shaft if we were to just
take this
oops why am I in some weird ass
selection
mode
what what is going on here I don't like
this I'm in some
weird okay
what is going on tell me the height of
this face to this face there we
go parallel disc 72
okay let's just do it how I know it
so first let's get this other design
done so we need to know basically how
far down so let's just say right now
that okay we
have 21 it's just so standard we have 21
mm so we're going to
make oh and why don't we just oh um
I feel like it's let's see is it worth
it okay we're going to take
this and we're actually going to which
Extrusion is it so it's not that it's
probably this so we're actually going to
extrude this
by
uh
three plus um M4 socket head depth so
yeah seven that's what I was thinking
and then but in
here no yeah fine so if we just save it
like that we can't we can't actually get
it we can't save it back but now we
have 17 mm which is really all we need
right so we're going to just make our
little gear thing right on top of
here so it's just just going to
be oh yeah but we have to counter sync
these and then we're going to change the
circular pattern so we're going to roll
back to
this we're going to edit this
sketch oops not that
sketch this
sketch okay we're going to draw a circle
here and this is going to be M4 socket
head
OD oh
M4 socket head OD okay we're going to do
that but then we're going to stay here
and we're going to also we're going to
look at this oh we're going to do this
we're going to select this face we're
going to
extrude
remove
um socket head depth M4 socket head
depth
okay then we're going to edit this
circular pattern maybe have to roll it
Forward edit this circular
pattern uh select also this
Extrusion now we can roll it all the way
forward
okay so now we can draw on here and
we're going to draw our second part
which is going to be the actual agitator
and it's annoying because I've built
this part literally so many times but
all it has to be is it's going to go out
to
here and this we can make three okay and
it's going to be this whole
thing so it's going to include I don't
know how you include
that can I make a
plane on
here oh wait
Plane
off
zero does it let me do
that wait why
not okay cool so now if we take what is
this plane this plane is nothing we take
this plane and we sketch on it can we
select more than like I want to select
the whole circle that's my problem wait
what what do I just have to do this
maybe that's the
key okay so if I use them go normal I
make a this
this and I select this can
I can
I oh there you go hit it at an
angle so we want to extrude this oh wait
wait wait wait wait let's
uh oh
okay wait it's
um yeah except we need to edit this
sketch it's
not so
this wait
it's going to
be no no no no
no it's going to be uh the
following hold
on run this back we don't we don't want
this this sketch needs to be edited so
it's going to
be this is going to
be stepper
shaft hole
and it's going to be it's going to be
this whole
thing
uh yeah yeah yeah for like for like
three right and then on here now we have
a nice surface oh wait but is did this
join we need to make sure what is this
we can delete this this needs to be a
new body okay and this is going to be
the
agitator okay then on
here um we're going to make another
Circle and this is going to be a
um it really doesn't matter I feel like
this one is sort of just a junk
Dimension we could just make this oh
wait is it what is the diameter of our
small gear
25 let's just make it
25 we haven't oh you know what's stupid
though I didn't
actually Hopper base needs to be
completely reden so we have some things
right um I think yes so we don't want to
do this wall yet because we need to do
the Helix oh but so that's why this
needs to be taller so
uh
so so this Extrusion probably needs to
go
to but it can't
um I guess it could go around that's
fine it could go around so then we don't
care about that so the the the uh
agitator can go around this so that's
not a bad idea so we're going to make
this 25 and then that make gives us 12.5
so then the oh that's still maybe not
enough enough I don't know this can go
as high as we want it to
right so make it 30 and then this sketch
this is going to be 15 we could actually
just make it higher up well wait hold
on it might be impossible to
install so that means that we need
threaded inserts on
the so we want to change copper
3 first off we need to make the wall
thicker which is a huge
pain I should I should dude I really
need to catalog all the equipment I have
so just so that I know what dimensions I
can actually use it'd be so sick if I
could just make a giant variable Studio
that gets imported into all of my
projects so that I know what I have and
what I can
use
uh but so wait so if actually we might
be able we might be a I might have
actually parameterized that dude these
this variable Studio thing is killing me
all right
um it's
this and so what we want
is uh hop
stepo or wait hop Hopper
agitator no not
agitator what are we calling that hold
motor holder
wall
width and then we can
say Hopper
motor motor holder
OD and it's just going to be this is
this is going to
be can we make it five so this this
makes assembly way better so can we do
five should I go inside and look I don't
think I'm going to get to print this
today so but honestly probably won't
revisit it so this is going to be Hopper
base. wait no stepper no it's going to
be
this that's the general name for it but
that's not what it's used for that's
kind of The Annoying Thing so let's just
say this is
the ID of stepper motor hold
okay then this is going to be steper
circumscribed clearance plus 2 * Hopper
Mo motor holder okay so now that it's
five so first off we need to edit some
sketches first let's edit this sketch
and this sketch we need to look at this
right so we just arbitrarily made this
wall
three um but we actually need to make
this uh
stepper motor wait motor holder wall
width
okay
then so the the ID is still
61 which is
perfect and then the OD is now
71 it seems like
maybe I don't know maybe that worked or
not okay but need to change now this
sketch no not this
sketch this
sketch and instead of this it's going to
be 15 + 2 +
2 we need to make that a parameter and
this is going to be actually M4 threaded
insert look if I have the parameter I
actually know it I just didn't know
about the thickness but it should be
fine I mean it should be
fine great and so now we need to edit
this sketch D I'm kind of going ham
right now see 30 minutes I've already
gotten most of it redesigned so wait
where were we we were here we need to
take this sketch and we need to go so
wait is this going to be a threaded
insert no this doesn't need to be a
threaded insert
but what we do need is
that this ID is too small so when we did
this very initial sketch we need to
change this to be
Hopper motor holder OD wall width
okay so I think that everything is
resolved right this height is 15 really
this going to tell me the center
distance of the Min God damn
it let's look at the sketch
again what give me a normal okay this is
15 from there that's
fine okay let's look at the assembly is
everything
okay seems fine is that is that an
interference I can't tell I feel like it
looks like one
huh interference how do I check for
interference
what check for interference in on shape
assembly
tools interference detection I don't
know why it didn't pick it up
tool these are all the mates
if I had a big monitor maybe this would
be yeah if I had one of those Ultra
wides bro this would actually be so
sick okay we're going to say that that's
oh wait but
um yeah we're not going to have much
room actually no we'll have enough room
the distance between this and this nine
yeah we have plenty of
room don't know what I'm talking
about all right
so we just need the uh Hopper con the oh
yeah it's called the
augur what did I call it the
agitator is this done this isn't even
done first off let's rename this to
Auger okay now we need to look at the
sketch for
it I don't know what this is
oh yeah I know what that
is it did it do it okay it did it so now
we need to sketch on here and wait did
we did we we need to make
this right this is going to be so how
big is
this uh
okay but we actually probably want to
make it four right so that we have one
of play cuz we don't want it to we don't
want it to rub when it turns so let's
um and then how far down can we go are
we going to make it go
around well if we're going to make it go
around oh wait if we're going to make it
go
around this then they has to go around
the bolts too which is kind of a huge
pain because then this thing needs to be
huge but
here's what I think I'm going to do I'm
going to go
to Hopper
base and I'm going to
take this Extrusion and I'm just going
to make it
20 and
then the
uh augur is going to come down let's um
take this
sketch let's make this wait let's delete
this well wait we're going to rename
this to be one and that's a
clearance and then we're going to make
this and we're going to make this
three okay and then we're going to take
when we do our extrude do we have the
whole
thing we need that too okay now we're
going to sketch on this
face and we're going to make a
um do we have access to this circle wait
why is it
off it's insane that it does that
concentric so it needs to be here and
the distance between here and here is
one again and then now we can take this
and we can extrude this down and we need
to know is two less than
oh oops so that's 20 it's two less than
that and then what's the height of this
thing wait what happened where did the
other thing
go
what did I delete it that was weird
um okay and the height of this
thing let's hide the augur this to this
is
57 57
right so it's going to be from the from
the from the bottom of that that
augur it's so it's all right so now
we're at
55 and then this is at
37 so we need to extrude that by 36 I
think so here we're here do this
Chang this to
37 and then the problem is this for some
reason is not
updated motor hole oh
wait how do we update it okay maybe we
just insert it
wait this is the wrong
augur Hopper 3 motor
holder wait wait no God damn
it Hopper three augur and then wait what
what did the other auger have on it it
seemed like there was other stuff on
there oh yeah it go okay well we're
missing a ton of stuff but I just want
to see about an interference so we're
good
here we just need to mate
this H with uh
this
awesome okay
but where is this wait where is the uh
oh yeah but okay but so it needs to be
but then the distance between
this damn it's hard to get that okay
that that should work in here is
18 and we wanted it to be at 24 so we
have like five more so we're going to
raise it up by five and then it'll have
clearance for a bolt head or the socket
head so we're going to go to here and
we're going to take that extrude and
we're just going to change it from 37 to
32 and now that's a lot more room
and perfect that looks good except for
the
fact that this thing looks sunken look
at this not lining up but why isn't it
lining up
wait what is going on oh yeah we acally
have two of these
things that was why okay wait so let's
just
undo this and we're just going to take
this motor holder and delete it okay now
we're
good all right sweet that looks pretty
perfect so the distance between here and
here is
23 and we went the bottom of those
things to be at
24 24 sounds good so now we just need to
add oh and those can sit on the base of
it so what we'll do is um we're actually
going to make this one
more one
less 31 but what we need to do is we
need to make a sketch on the front
plane and we're going to use this and
this and then we're going to make a line
that's Construction in line from here to
here then we're going to do this and
we're going to make a and how did we
have this so we won't be able to fill it
but that's fine and then this was like
14 but what we actually wanted is we
wanted to come in by a little bit so we
wanted to go like
this oh wait can we delete this one line
here here we delete this oh wait okay so
this okay
wait um
I thought we had this like
God damn it wait oh you know what
you know what the the pro Strat is at
this stage
you go um why does it keep scrolling me
up that's so annoying you take this you
take
this that's the whole thing okay yeah
that makes sense so we're going to
extrude this
symmetrically by
2.5 we're also going to
great I don't know how I keep messing up
this I feel
like whatever
okay and then all we need
here
is uh and this is going to
be damn
we're going to extrude this by how much
do we get
now dude I'm in this annoying
setting wait can't I just oh my god get
me out of this how do I how do I leave
this okay
14 wait
14 that doesn't sound
right all right we're
good I trust I trust past me on
that small gear Hub death sick now
sketch on here normal rotate rotate to
normal line Q this this G this this this
is going to be M5 hex nut
depth the oh
wait this is going to be M5 hex
nut
flat
um this this
midpoint and then this is going to be
five is it going to be
five I don't know that seems good
though okay then we're going to take
this and we're going to extrude it by
seven
remove okay great then we're going to go
in here
shift like
this and draw a circle
and the distance of those is going to be
M5 uh
hole okay then we're going to take this
face
and this face and we're going to
extrude uh second end
position uh remove this is going to be
five nope flip it
5 and 25 perfect we can make this a
through all if we wanted to then we do
this then we draw in this face and we
get a circumscribed polygon and then we
go in here and we try to search we
search okay then we go here we click
again we do this and we select this
corner here hello this corner and we say
shift M sketch cannot be
solved what
I think something weird happened
this is going to be
[Music]
circum I don't understand what's going
on
here there we
go for
okay all right that's the part now we
just need to mirror it I gotta go oh
it's four okay I gotta go enti is
to mirror it's a feature mirror it's
going to be this this and this and the
mirror plane please tell me I got my
mirror plane it's this okay that's
pretty much the whole part that's pretty
much it right basically oh wait
basically all we need
now is we need
to um oh we need a brim
though all right I got to go I got to go